<chapter id="scheduling"><title>Scheduling</title>
<sect1 id="scheduling-description"><title>Description</title>

  &WORK-IN-PROGRESS;
  <para>
  The Scheduling view lets you schedule the projects in your portfolio. The projects are scheduled according to their priority.
  </para><para>
  Set <emphasis>Control</emphasis> to <emphasis>Schedule</emphasis> for the project or projects you want to schedule.
  Set <emphasis>Control</emphasis> to <emphasis>Include</emphasis> to have resource assignments included in resource leveling.
  Set <emphasis>Control</emphasis> to <emphasis>Exclude</emphasis> if you want to exclude the project.
  </para>
  <tip><para>
  If your projects share resources with projects that are not part of your portfolio,
  these projects needs to be included for resource leveling to work properly.
  See <xref linkend="content-editor"/>.
  </para></tip>
  <para>
  </para><para>
  The view has tree sections:
  <itemizedlist>
    <listitem><para><xref linkend="scheduling-projecttable" xrefstyle="select:title"/>.</para></listitem>
    <listitem><para><xref linkend="scheduling-control" xrefstyle="select:title"/>.</para></listitem>
    <listitem><para><xref linkend="scheduling-log" xrefstyle="select:title"/>.</para></listitem>
  </itemizedlist>
  </para>
</sect1>
<sect1 id="scheduling-projecttable"><title>Table of Projects</title>
  <para>
  <informaltable>
    <tgroup cols="2">
      <thead><row>
          <entry><guilabel>Name</guilabel></entry>
          <entry><guilabel>Description</guilabel></entry>
        </row></thead>
      <tbody>
      <row><entry>Name</entry><entry>Project name</entry></row>
      <row><entry>Schedule</entry><entry>Schedule name</entry></row>
      <row><entry>Status</entry><entry>Scheduling status</entry></row>
      <row><entry>Control</entry>
        <entry>
          Scheduling control can have the following values:
          <itemizedlist>
            <listitem><para><emphasis>Schedule:</emphasis> The project will be scheduled.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para><emphasis>Include:</emphasis> Resource bookings will be included in resource levelling.</para></listitem>
            <listitem><para><emphasis>Exclude:</emphasis> The project will not be included.</para></listitem>
          </itemizedlist>
        </entry>
      </row>
      <row><entry>Priority</entry><entry>Project priority. A higer number means higher priority.</entry></row>
      <row><entry>Target Start</entry><entry>The earliest project start time</entry></row>
      <row><entry>Target End</entry><entry>The latest project finish time</entry></row>
      <row><entry>Description</entry><entry>Project description</entry></row>
      </tbody>
    </tgroup>
  </informaltable>
  </para>
</sect1>
<sect1 id="scheduling-control"><title>Scheduling Control</title>
  <para>
  </para>
</sect1>
<sect1 id="scheduling-log"><title>Scheduling Log</title>
  <para>
  </para>
</sect1>
</chapter>
